# R-Ladies Munich third meeting (12.04.2017)
by Daloha Rodr&iacute;guez-Molina - April 14, 2017


# This is our third R-Ladies Munich meeting!

### General info

* **Where**: Daloha's place    
* **When**: 12.04.2017 @ 6:45pm     
* **Who**: Maggie Heiden Chak, Daloha Rodríguez-Molina     
* **Who was missing**: Pamela Matías - she is currently in Latin America; Dan Huang - couldn't make it.

### Agenda:
1. R-Ladies Munich Logo
2. First event: venue, topic, presentation, set up event on meetup.com
3. Sponsors
4. Next event


### Summary

#### 1. R-Ladies Munich Logo 
Pamela got two cool designs from the people helping her with that. However, we must adhere to RLadies Global standards, so we'll keep the purple R and keep on experimenting with the gray oval. As this is not an urgent matter right now, we didn't make much progress.

#### 2. First event:
* To take place on **April 12th, 2017 - 18:30 to 21:30**
* We've decided on the place: Bibliothek des Instituts für Arbeits-, Sozial- und Umweltmedizin der Universität München. Prof. Dr. Katja Radon (Daloha's boss and supervisor) and Prof. Dr. Denis Nowak (Director of the Institute) kindly agreed to allow us hosting the event at this venue.
* Maggie will set up the event on meetup.
* Topic: Git, GitHub + RStudio - Rmarkdown. Daloha is still working on the presentation.
* **The rough outline of the session remains as follows**:

Time          | Activity
--------------|--------------------------------------
18:30 - 18:45 | Socializing, meet & greet
18:45 - 19:00 | Welcome presentation: who are we and why did we found R-Ladies Munich?
19:00 - 19:30 | Crash course Github (+ RStudio)
19:30 - 20:00 | Exercise about Github / Setting up accounts / Q&A
20:00 - 20:30 | Crash course Rmarkdown
20:30 - 21:00 | Exercise about Rmarkdown / Q&A
21:00 - 21:30 | Socializing

#### 3. Sponsors' status:

Sponsor       | Status
--------------|---------------------------------------------------
[R Consortium](https://www.r-consortium.org/projects/r-user-group-support-program) | Still waiting for their response.
[Stylight](https://www.stylight.com/About/Contact/) | They offered us hosting events. They can't on April. Daloha is asking them about next dates.
[Münchner R Kurse](http://www.muenchner-r-kurse.de/) | The webpage does not exist. We could not contact them
[Lehre@LMU](http://www.uni-muenchen.de/studium/lehre_at_lmu/index.html) | They replied and asked for a [short list of expenses](https://github.com/darokun/rladmucorgstuff/blob/master/shortlistofexpenses.LehreLMU.md). Maggie and Daloha prepared the list. Daloha will send them the list on Friday 14.04.2017.
[Wayra](http://wayra.co/en/) | They also have no availability for April. Pamela is asking for future dates.
[RStudio Stickers](https://www.stickermule.com/user/1070448958/stickers) | Daloha will contact RStudio.

#### 4. Next event
Maggie and Daloha think that Wednesday June 28th would be the best date for the next meetup event. We're waiting for Dan and Pamela to confirm if they agree, and for venue sponsors to confirm availability.

### Summary of tasks:
* **Daloha**: first meetup presentation, reply to Lehre@LMU with the short list of expenses, RStudio stickers, format email to the IBE.
* **Maggie**: Set up meetup event.
* **Pamela**: finish contacting Wayra for second event venue.
* **Next meeting**: Wed 21.04.2017 at 6:30pm for finishing up first meetup event last details.
